= Satellite

Satellite is a distributed wiki client. One or more Satellite clients can
synchronize with the same master Satellite repository. The client(s) store
content locally and mirror with the server when a network connection is
available. So you can edit your Satellite wiki when offline, and your changes
will be reflected in other Satellite clients when you re-connect to the
internet.

Satellite uses Git (http://git.or.cz/) as its storage engine, and the master
Satellite repository is nothing more then a regular Git repository. Satellite
clients are written in Ruby (http://www.ruby-lang.org/) and utilize the Mongrel
(http://mongrel.rubyforge.org/) web server, so each machine running a Satellite
client requires Ruby and Mongrel to be installed, as well as a password-less
method of committing to the master repository.

== Features

* Usual wiki features such as creating, updating, renaming, deleting pages
* Textile page formatting with a few bonuses
* Automated synchronization & merging between Satellite clients
* Hotkeys
* File uploads
* Code syntax higlighting

== Installation

=== Master repository setup

Any old git repository will function nicely as the master Satellite repository.

IMPORTANT: It the master git repository and this application will not be
running on the same computer, then you will need to set up a method of
password-less git synchronization between the two boxes. Public & private SSH
keys are probably the easiest way to do this. There are many articles detailing
how to set up SSH keys. "OpenSSH key management" on IBM DeveloperWorks
(http://www.ibm.com/developerworks/linux/library/l-keyc.html) is a good one.

=== Client setup

* Install Git! (and Ruby)

* Get Satellite source code

 $ git clone git://github.com/kenpratt/satellite.git satellite

* Install required Ruby libraries

 $ sudo gem install rack mongrel metaid erubis RedCloth coderay git

* Configure application

 $ cd path/to/satellite
 edit conf/production.rb

* Start local server

 $ bin/start_satellite
